hello everyone cuz just here again and
we are playing castle miner we are
building the treehouse I just want to
see before I build it it's rubbish okay
it's not good you know I've no I've
never really built a treehouse built one
in four just got but that's not break no
no I built one in a total miner as well
but then for some reason it didn't
record i click record bidders and unable
to capture something so I can build it
then because I I built it and I thought
it was recording but it weren't
recording so i had to i just had no
video i'll be building the top minor one
which was a night sorry man no i'm using
circuits for the leaves i know they
don't rely leaves but honey i really
need to sort this out and I need when I
finished our like make some stairs go
into it cuz I just need to sort loads of
stuff out before I just to do it you
know some of these things what I built I
actually improve after the video like
they might look rubbish in the video but
like after the video they look little
bow it looked very good
I didn't even know why fill in that
we're not something to be like that I
change it anyway so i'll just say i'll
build some steps going to it after the
video
for some reason I was buried him in the
acts of treason i really like building
with the ex off I don't know why I just
died building with us I really don't
know why don't ask me slider
this is pitch black where I am now but
it weren't in the video
yeah I'll improve this don't worry this
is after video as offset dunno how long
but yeah basically it of my three hours
really my walls look pretty good so
thanks for watching and I'll see you my
next video whatever is going to be